in the field I'll hold the road like
this tight pants and Fanta scars
don't make you Batman
get me the out of this car we got
more time behind us than in front and
please I'm gonna be running down
criminals till I'm 100 not me I'm guitar
this time we be good men
who the wants to sing that song
Mike I'll put you on a new team you're
working with that Mona okay mo is a high
school musical boy band wit gun look
great grandpa so you're that guy there's
always one right up till there's not
that's what I like teamwork you know
Marcus somebody's trying to kill me who
wants to kill you I don't trust a person
that don't want to kill he'll put my
name on thanks a lot we got it Marcus we
appreciate it
but family is the only thing that
matters so I'm not letting you go on a
suicide mission alone one last time one
last time
Oh
[Music]
when the hell are you getting all these
helicopters
oh this is my wife's car cover the front
door she knows he always knows
[Music]